odca-evolve: search an odca file's rules for their longest-lived seeds

usage: odca-evolve <file.odca> [<file.odca> ...] -o <file.odca>
                   --cells N --time SECONDS [--cap N] [--parity [--limit N]]
                   [-v | --verbose]
       odca-evolve --help

Given more than one file, works on the union of them all as though it
had been read from one, losing nothing. A pair is its content, so the
same pair in two files becomes one, under the name from the file given
earlier; two pairs that merely share a name are two pairs and both are
kept, the later renamed, since files number their own pairs from
pair-0000 up and so collide by construction. Seeds are pooled rather
than chosen between, the ten longest-lived kept for each rule and width
whichever file they came from. The order of the files decides only who
keeps a contested name, never what survives.

-o says where the results go and is always required, however many files
are given. It may name one of the input files, which is the ordinary way
to go on searching one file, but that overwrites it and so is warned
about.

For every distinct rule in the union, in order, spends the time budget
drawing random rows of N cells and evolving each, in wrap mode, until a
state the rule can produce has died out with no other state left in a
minority (the extinction that makes odca re-seed), or a cycle of any
period is confirmed (as odca's own detector confirms one), or the cap. The
ten longest-lived rows are kept, merged with any the file already holds
for that rule and width, and written to the output file as the budget
runs out; then the next rule, and after the last the first again, round trip
after round trip until Ctrl-C. Every processor works at once, each on
rows of its own. odca plays a pair from its longest-lived seed when the file
holds one for exactly the width on screen.

  --cells N       the width of the rows, in cells (3 or more)
  --time SECONDS  the budget per rule, in whole seconds
  --cap N         a row still alive after this many generations counts as
                  having survived and stops there; 100000 by default. Once
                  a rule's ten are all survivors its turn ends early
  --parity        a rule far ahead gives up its turn: when its shortest
                  recorded lifetime at this width, times 0.9, outlives the
                  longest of some other rule of the file, it is skipped
                  with a line saying so, and the time goes to the rules
                  behind; decided for the whole round trip as it starts
                  and announced (how many rules, how many skipped, how
                  many run), each running rule's line then giving its
                  place among those that run
  --limit N       with --parity: at most N rules give up their turn per
                  round trip, those furthest ahead; 0, the default, is no
                  limit
  -o FILE         where to write the results; required. May name one of
                  the input files, which is warned about since it
                  overwrites that file. Input files that are not the
                  output are never modified
  -v, --verbose   say more, and only say more: nothing about what is
                  searched or written changes. Above each row that joins
                  the ten, and again as a rule's turn ends, names the
                  pairs the rule belongs to — one line each, the pair's
                  name, its colour set and the rule, the first of them
                  also carrying the width — and under the join the ages
                  of the ten as they stand, the row that has just
                  arrived marked with an asterisk. Each burst opens
                  with a blank line, to keep one plainly apart from the
                  next; the countdown sits below that blank, and the
                  burst that follows takes over its line, so exactly one
                  empty line falls between any two bursts

Output: a line as each round trip begins (and the parity plan after it),
a line as each rule is taken up, a line for every row that joins the ten
(its generations, its rank, how it ended), and when the rule is done a
line of the ten's ages in generations, longest first, comma separated;
each line opens with the time then left on the rule as hh:mm:ss, and on
a terminal that time is counted down in place, followed by the rows
tested per second over the last ten seconds. Ctrl-C writes what the
current rule has so far and exits.

Files: the odca file is rewritten with its pairs unchanged and a seeds
section by rule and width; nothing under ~/.odca is touched, and no
window opens.
